


The purpose of this website is to connect people from different places, regions, tribes, religions, and gender despite the skin colour.

In this website we need to respect each other, young or old, big or small, we 
are all equal and no one will get treatment different from others.

Information we take about you
1. Name and surname (to identify you)
2. Your age
3. Public information you share on our website e.g public posts (your conversations with your friends won't be collected and your connection will be encrypted)
4. Casor movements
5. Location
6. Picture, where you work, where you went for school etc. (since there are many people with the same name and surname using this website, we decided to take additional information about you this helps to uniquely identify you from others it also helps when a friend or family is searching for you in the website.)

How we use the private information we take
1. We use it to learn more about you and know what to advertise to you.
2. To know if you are not a scammer.
3.
4.
5.

Cookies policy
What information do we collect in cookies
why we collect this information
1. We use cookies to see what you are interested in this helps us to give you better experience
2. We look at how many accounts you made (this helps us to know if you are a scammer)
3. We look at websites you visit (optional)
4. We look at your website activities (optional)
5.

how we use it
1. So we can see what you are interested in
2. So we can see if your device has malicious codes and find a way to prevent them from infecting others
3. We look at how many accounts you made, this helps us to know if you are a scammer 
4.
5.

How we ensure that the user privacy is secured even after we collected this data
1. We encrypt connections between the website server and you device
2. We try by all means to protect the web server from cyber attacks
3. 
4.
5.

Terms
You can't use this website if:
1. You don't agree to the terms, conditions, privacy policy, cookies policy, etc.
2. You are under 13 years old.
3. You don't obey the terms and conditions.
4.
5.

Things you must do when using our services:
1. Share information about things you like and try to be as truthful as possible.
2. Respect every user in this website.
3. Obey the terms and conditions.
4. 
5.

Things you must not do when using our services
1. You must not harass, threaten, abuse any user.
2. You must not use our services when we disabled your account.
3. You must not try to gain unauthorized access to any private information about someone or something in this website.
4. You must not reverse engineer anything in our website unless if you have the permission to do so.
5. You must not try to gain unauthorized access to Any account in this website.
6. You must not share nudity.
7. You must not scam someone from this website.







